hey guys zetex occifer here and I've got
some really good news for you guys who
are diehard elder scrolls funds like I
am first of all for you guys who don't
know a group of developers have since
been working on remaking the classic
elder scrolls morrowind with Skyrim's
engine and quiet appropriately the game
has been given the name skywind the
project has been in development for
quite a few months now but just a few
days ago the lead designer of the
project released a renewal trailer which
is what you guys are seeing in the
background this trailer basically
showcases the progress of the project a
new content that has been added to sky
win the developers have also announced
that the public alpha of sky window will
be released soon which you guys will see
at the end of this trailer the project
is said to be a pretty big one the game
is set to have all new voice acting
landscapes textures and a lot more it'll
be the morrowind you know and love but
revamped with the help of Skyrim zengin
the Alpha of the game could actually be
coming sooner than we think and it'll
give the Elder Scrolls community a
chance to see what the progress is on
the project skywind will require you to
have more wind installed along with this
expansions tribunal and Blood Moon and
of course Skyrim itself the morrowind
Game of the Year Edition comes with both
these two expansions so it would
probably be best to buy that if you
don't have morrowind already it really
isn't expensive at all if you have a
good look around your Skyrim and
morrowind we'll both need to be genuine
copies of the game and not pirated
otherwise when the time comes skywind
won't work correctly steam is the best
place to buy digital copies of both of
these or alternatively you can buy a
disk copy of the two games from a
retailer so if you do plan on buying
skywind make sure you have these
requirements in place
anyway guys I hope you enjoyed the video
I myself I'm very excited for sky winds
alpha to go ahead and I hope it is very
soon morrowind is and always has been
the heart of the Elder Scrolls series
and it is a classic childhood game that
I still love now so to see it remade
with modern graphics and textures is
going to be amazing there will be a link
to the lead developers channel in the
description below he has applauded a few
videos of the development progress of
sky wind so I'm sure you'll be
interested in checking that out himself
and the other developers in on the
project have done a brilliant job on sky
wind so be sure to spread the word and
gifts guy win the sky wind the
recognition it deserves they'll also be
a link to their website below there you
can find out a little bit more about sky
wind and their other two projects more
oblivion and sky blue bin thank you very
much for watching guys and I'll see you
in my next video